listen if you're a film fan you need to
go to the Sundance Film Festival before
you die I'm always saying that it's my
favorite fast because it premieres my
favorite movies and it's not that it's
my favorite movie just because it comes
out of Sundance it's sort of like that
dumb logic that you hear sometimes where
it's like oh you only liked that movie
because it's from your favorite director
well yeah wouldn't that be what makes
them my favorite director the fact that
they're directing my favorite movies so
of course like Danny with every premiere
the Sundance Film Festival delivered
again this year and so thanks to
Squarespace
we got the 10 most watches from this
year to break down and considering that
we got 52 movies this year we're not
just rounding it up to an even number
anything like that these are legit the
10 movies I cannot wait for you guys to
watch let me explain
so if you've ever been curious to go to
the fest we actually made a video on the
cheapest and best way to go so shout out
to everyone who watched that video and
who we were able to meet there because
it's definitely an experience to look
forward to every year
you're out in the beautiful Park City
with the gorgeous mountains the
fluffiest of snow the best slopes on
this side of the Mississippi and instead
you spent two weeks inside a darkroom I
love it this year had a bunch of movies
a lot that had a lot of buzz but weren't
personally my favorite most watches but
that doesn't mean that they might not be
your favorites which is why I like
talking about them there's a souvenir
which was one of the big ones from a 24
that was supposed to be a world cinema
movie but I mean was still in English I
guess it's just cause it's from the UK a
lot of critics came out liking this one
well well myself and my entire crew kept
wondering if we were watching the same
movie maybe if you're I don't know
Carsten run quits you might like it but
i sat there feeling like I was had a
boring couples house and I had no idea
how to leave the home at the end it even
mentions during the credits that there's
going to be a sequel cuz I take it this
is the story of the directors life and
the sequel supposed to star Robert
Pattinson so that's interesting but I
just found that funny cuz throughout the
entirety of Sundance there was an intro
that was playing that kept calling out
sequels and then that ended up being one
of their biggest films
[Music]
Adam is the story of a boy who likes a
girl so much that he pretends to be a
transgender and I cannot wait to see how
peacefully people take this one I
thought the movie was funny now be at
the selections or more people having
Twitter but there was a couple of
controversies that came out of Sundance
this year it was a group outside of the
premiere of leaving Neverland as if they
were working for the estate or something
extremely wicked went trending on
Twitter with people trying to cancel it
before even watching the movie and
having seen it I found all that funny
because one the people arguing against
it said that it should be more like the
Netflix documentary series and it's
produced by the same people two people
kept saying that it was insensitive to
the victims and that they should be
thinking about them and the movies based
off of the victims novel and her
perspective so I mean I don't know any
better way to respect the victims and by
telling their story and then you know
giving them a little dough number three
is a spoiler so I have to wait till the
full LME to really say that but I was
laughing at the people getting offended
for showcasing a serial killer wanting
to cancel this thing and I saw them go
straight back and listen to my favorite
murderer a lot of big deals were also
made at Sundance like late night which
made 13 million dollars and that's the
comedy starring written and produced by
Mindy Kaling that I thought was pretty
good
the report which is the biggest middle
finger to zero dark dirty made 14
million dollars and then a movie called
blinded by the light that got picked up
for 15 million which I guess makes sense
considering that it's all set to Bruce
Springsteen music what is funny though
is that considering Rocket Man and
yesterday also coming out it's pretty
much looking like 2019 is gonna be a
musical of a year
[Music]
who the Stars is a beautiful story told
him black and white in a rural town in
the Midwest back in the day and since I
hadn't read up on any of it I felt like
a complete idiot not realizing what the
movie was actually about until the third
act like everybody else in my group they
knew what was going on but I realized
what was going on until like the third
act that hit me like a revelation I was
like oh also it's the actress from
moonrise kingdom all growing up so
there's also that before you know what
is a comedy that the some may be trying
too hard to be a Sundance indie but I
personally liked it if I loathe these
full grown sisters hunting down their
mom who left them when they were younger
but it turns out that she's actually a
famous soap opera actress and things get
a little crazy we are little zombies
feels like Scott Pilgrim umbrella
Academy and the darkest comedy about
orphans bonding together as they start a
band and the whole thing is told like an
8-bit game like there's levels the music
all of it just put together pretty much
resulted in this thing that some of you
have listened to this and already
putting it as your number one the sign
of silence is that perfect Netflix movie
with an interesting premise that's more
fun to talk about than it is to watch
pretty much this guy adjust the sounds
in your house because he has this theory
that the white noise your fridge causes
the frequency your toaster gives off all
of that alters the way you feel and in
some cases could cause a divorce it's a
pretty crazy theory and now I live under
a bunker the death of dick Loong comes
from one of the Daniels who did Swiss
Army man and while it's not as visually
stunning a Swiss when you realize what
killed dick long like what the funny
thing about Paradise Hills is that I had
only seen one image and thought it took
place in the past so I was blown away
when the movie starts and within the
first five minutes it's gonna be in the
trailer so it's not a spoiler they come
out of this ball only to go into a
chariot that flies away now that's just
the trailer for the pitch but this thing
gets even crazier when you realize that
it's all about a nope is about these two
guys who want to be porn stars but
become mopes the background dudes who
get kicked in the nuts for pleasure and
it's a true story and it starts with a
[ __ ] it's up to you to watch the
lodger I had called hereditary
which I'll explain later when I can
really get into spoilers but I really
want to emphasize the jr part cuz
everyone heard hereditary and we're like
what it's nowhere near that and yeah i
agree i mean it's a solid horror movie
from the duo that brought us good night
mommy but when i reveal in one sentence
what it really sums up to I think most
of y'all would agree that's kind of
thing with a lot of the horror movies
that I caught there coco de coco da is a
repetitive nightmare disguised as a
lullaby about a couple dealing with
grief hole in the ground makes you
question if the actual premise was even
the points and it was less about a kid
being swapped out and wounds is a movie
that man wounds had so much potential
but it's one that I still got to dig a
little deeper with because I'm hoping
that there's more there with it some of
the others that I saw were the
infiltrators which was an interesting
look at immigration by mixing actors in
with real-life footage so you would have
an actor portraying what happened on the
inside in the facility while cutting
alongside the real person who was on the
phone on the outside it's kind of like
American animals except you actually
like the people Apollo 11 is b-roll the
movie that makes you question if time
travel is real because these images were
restored to perfection then that follow
reminded me why I don't join cults that
follow snakes cold case was a great
documentary with discoveries about
Africa that should be getting attention
the same amount of attention we're
giving these other mainstream Doc's the
inventor is evil female Steve Jobs if
she's even human gee might be a robot
and then finally there's the last black
man in San Francisco which out of all of
these is probably the one that's growing
on me the most especially when i rewatch
the trailer that just came out it is
definitely more on the slower side it
feels like a bunch of vignettes almost
like a stage play the way the characters
are bound to their sets and I have said
that if this movie was a short film I
probably would've given it an 11 out of
10 I just felt that the two hours kind
of dragged it out a bit but the music
certain shots and that ending montage
scene that goes along with the theory
that I had just mentioned earlier in
this video it really might be one of the
better ones
[Music]
so right off the bat I'm cheating and
starting off with number 11 on top of
that this this isn't even from Sundance
there's actually another festival that
goes on at the same time as Sundance and
it's even at the same place where
Sundance is taking place and it's called
slam dance I'm pretty sure their slogan
is hey we're actually independent so
like support us and not multi-million
dollar indie films the festival and so I
decided to catch one of the things that
was showing there called happy face
where a kid fakes having a face - for
matiee in order to fit into these weekly
meetings a group is having and the way
it progresses is genius
[Music]
Queen of Hearts is the official start of
my Sundance must-watch top 10 and I was
so happy I won the award for best world
cinema because imagine a soap opera
but the filmmaking's actually pretty
well done it's pretty much the most
manipulative story you can get out of a
stepmom seducing their stepson and it
had me like this the whole time this
one's gonna get remade you know
sometimes a movie is just too good for a
studio to not want to stretch it out but
I think that the remake could actually
work see what makes the fare well great
isn't just a concept of getting everyone
together to see grandma one last time
before she dies except she doesn't know
she's dying so they fake a wedding as
the excuse for everyone to be there
that's great but it's also the culture
side of where they break down the east
as compared to the West it could still
be a good remake if they can find
something that had as much impact might
even be better if they told it through
the couple having to fake the wedding's
perspective incredible I know everyone's
raving that Lupita should win the Oscar
for us because she's playing two roles
but y'all haven't even seen her in
little monsters imagine a movie where a
kindergarten teacher has to protect her
class from zombies but she's also
singing them songs so they don't even
know they're getting attacked by zombies
the movie itself is hilarious and so
rewatchable but what I love the most
about it is that the director said he
made it as a love letter to his kid that
the character in the movie has the same
mannerisms as his child and the same
likes as his kid and that he can't wait
to
son is old enough pass kids and watches
this movie to really understand the love
he has for him the love that he couldn't
put into words this may be higher only
movie to make me cry at the fest I'm not
saying it's a whiplash type ending cuz
cuz it's not but they both kind of made
me feel the same emotion I don't think
directing a triumphant scene is the hard
part when it comes to a movie because
anyone can do that they can put someone
in a rut but it's making the audience
believe that they're in a hole that they
can't come out of when you realize that
they're their worst enemy because well
this is supposed to be a comedy this
movie makes you hate the character and
love the character at the same time and
honestly has one of the best endings at
the festival this movie is raw I had
mention how they were checking IDs
before going in to see the film they had
paramedics and therapists in the lobby I
was at the screening where the lady in
the balcony rushed out 20 minutes in
during that scene and almost fell over
about to hurl my buddies were in the
screening where someone had a heart
attack and had to stop the movie suffice
to say it's gonna get hyped like crazy
but this is one of the best revenge
thrillers if only because of how
realistic the initial scenes are I'm
really excited to watch this with an
audience again especially for that
ending because it got probably one of
the biggest cheers but not for the
reason you might think so I had just
mentioned that my favorite movie from
South by was peanut butter Falcon go
watch peanut butter Falcon been at
Sundance trial also came out with
another movie about his life where he
plays his own dad and it's cut between
Lucas hedges playing him in rehab
writing the script for the movie that
you're watching and then his younger
self being raised by his older self and
I absolutely loved this movie the best
thing he did with this is to give it to
Alma Hara who directed the movie because
I know a lot of people who would have
wanted to do the directing side as well
and started and honestly her perspective
is what makes it
[Music]
one of 47 movies being compared to super
bad this year and I'm still quoting it I
don't know who's going to believe that
Pete Davidson is a teenager in the
beginning of the movie but the rest of
it is just as hilarious
you got a kid who befriends his sister's
boyfriend and then still remains friends
with him even after they break up and
even though he's got like 5 years on
them but it's sad ending I've been
saying that I have this theory it's more
of a pattern but I kid you not there are
like eight movies coming out this year
that hit this specific theme and I don't
know if it's on purpose or if the movie
guys are trying to tell me something but
it gets me every time
[Music]
this movie is at the same time at the
best and worst movie I saw at the
festival it's a [ __ ] classic before it
even came out it's like that what
English sounds like to others video but
for humans like if aliens landed today
and we're observing us this is how we
would come off it's like seeing a new
color hearing a new sound it's a
masterpiece and yet at the same time
it's also an Adam Sandler movie now
technically these two are tied for
number one that I'll start off with
loose earlier in the fest I had also
caught the movie share a native son and
in this movie loose I kid you not
it has side stories that delivers what
these full features were going for and
it does it better I think it's one of
the best written films I kept hearing
someone at the press greetings calling
it the reason you go to Sundance and I
personally nicknamed it we need to talk
about Kelvin I won't spoil anything
about this other than it follows a
senior who uses all the stereotypes
around him in order to kind of get ahead
maybe even use it to his pleasure but
I'm telling you that that still doesn't
even live up to the height but then of
course there's the untitled amazing
Jonathan documentary this is it's again
Oscars y'all better be rounding up to 10
next year regardless of you not knowing
anything about amazing Jonathan or if
you're still one of those people who has
that stigma about Doc's being boring
throw all of that out the window the
less you know about this documentary the
better but for those who need a little
selling points think about it like this
imagine a
jocke within a dock within a dock that
while you're watching it is still going
on thank you guys for watching this
video and of course a big shout-out to
Squarespace for sponsoring it I'm gonna
have a whole list out there eventually
on the site for you guys to watch
especially with all the other film
festivals that were covering especially
in the fall but we got our new and
improved site looking to go live again
next month and of course that's all
things too the best website building
software out there anytime we've needed
help we hit them up and we got 24/7
support when we first had to switch
domains they made it super simple when
it came to setting up our templates even
easier and now we're getting ready to
push out merch through them with their
commerce feature so pretty much if you
love let me explain and are looking to
start your own website for literally
anything head over to Squarespace calm
slash let me explain and get 10% off
when you sign up thanks again for being
patient on this one I know Sunday's was
like three months ago but I mean it's a
film festival a lot of these movies
haven't even come out yet so I'm curious
to see the reception for a lot of these
when they do we just finished the whole
West Coast trip that became a southbound
trip to South by Southwest and then New
Orleans and Tampa but now that we're
going back home it's time to catch up
with these things so thank you guys for
your patience for supporting us for
enjoying movies with us and of course
for commenting liking and subscribing